README.md, before:

![](docimg/KirinLogo.png)

---

## Really now?

Very much yes. Here's another one but for our precious emperor boy. Fun will be had.

## How did we get to this point?

**Saya** knows full well that **Kirin** has *"real experience"* in the art of war, having participated in various campaigns in his homeworld of **Arkai**, but all those were tales that she didn't get to personally witness...

Therefore, an idea came forth: Have him do some field work in the land of **Cronos**, so **Demo-chan** can have a bit of a break from all the fighting they've been doing for countless years.

And so goes our emperor, with nothing in hand but his wits, his magic and... **A GUN**. May his adventures serve to make his beloved spouses proud, and for this ravaged world to see peace once more.

---

## Abilities

As a member of the **Anarukon** race, **Kirin** is completely immortal, and bears strong regenerative power. He will recover health gradually, faster the less damage he's sustained. In addition, he also has a very strong bond with magic, allowing him to cast a variety of spells with ease, and with quite a deep mana pool, as expected of someone so well trained in sorcery.

Apart from these abilities, he's also somewhat skilled at hand to hand combat, as a requirement for self-defense against assassins. He also knows full well how to employ various firearms. Nevertheless, magic is where he shines, so these are mostly complementary.

Although **Kirin** has no access to **Hammerspace**, he nevertheless is capable of *"carrying"* a lot of equipment in the *"void"* that he has access to through the unique powers of his **Yanikov** blood. Most items will be put away and brought back from there as needed. He's quite skilled as this, so he doesn't even really need to carry anything on him to the field, he can just warp things in and out as needed. **Saya** was honestly impressed by his technique, and also kind of jealous, but still, he couldn't stop fawning over how awesome he looks practically *"invoking"* weapons out of thin air just like that. Oh, and it should also be mentioned that his emperor suit was constructed with armored lining, although it's not enough protection to survive in a serious combat situation.

Should he fall in battle, his body shall scatter in the wind and be reformed in a safer place, together with all his belongings. Such is the blessing of the **Father of Eternity**.

---

## Weaponry

There are four weapons available throughout your journey, one of which you already start with. As this is a mod for **Hexen**, that's very much the "ideal" layout. The only bindings you ever need are both fire buttons, reload and zoom.

### Slot 1 - Unarmed

*"I shall not back down from a fight..."*

Fight your enemies with your own body. This shouldn't be very effective considering **Kirin**'s physical form, but it's helpful in a pinch.

Primary fire alternates between two quick jabs and a hook. This has some decent staggering potential, and can quickly push back small foes. Secondary fire opts for a swift side-sweeping kick. This is where **Kirin**'s lower body strength shines, pushing real hard against rows of enemies.

The reload and zoom functions allow you to block and parry respectively. Blocking is mostly effective, thanks to the armored lining of your suit, especially around the cuffs. Parrying, if timed well, will leave an enemy stunned for a short period of time, upon which any damage to them is amplified. It is not possible to parry projectiles, you are not **Demo-chan**, nor know exactly how they can even do such a thing.

### Slot 2 - Nelaka Rykha Semi-Auto

*"A fine gun... And one that'll be most helpful."*

One of the most common **Anarukon** handguns. Firing short 8mm steel bolts at very high speed, it does have some serious killing potential, despite being a weapon designed for civilian self-defense. Putting a couple of these in an enemy will make it topple down in no time. Each magazine holds 8 rounds. **Kirin** can carry up to 40 rounds in total.

Primary fire will of course shoot the gun, while secondary lets **Kirin** make use of a certain trick that he learned from his grandmother: Overcharging the internal mana supply of the weapon so its shots are strengthened for a limited time.

Like any **Anarukon** firearm, the weapon not only needs to be reloaded with more bullets, but also have its inner mana supply replenished in order for it to actually fire off rounds. This recharge process is done through the zoom key. In addition, even if there are no rounds chambered, the weapon can still deal some damage by being *"dry fired"* as the ignition impulse will still trigger while it has mana left.

### Slot 3 - Nelaka Xei PDW

*"Not the most potent firearm, but still... I'll take it."*

Another usual **Anarukon** sidearm, often seen in the hands of mercenaries. At 5mm, it definitely doesn't have as much stopping power as the **Rykha**, but it can deliver the pain much faster and with lower recoil. Each magazine holds a whopping 20 rounds. **Kirin** can carry up to 80 rounds in total.

Primary fire shoots alternating between each barrel at a steady rate, while secondary fire engages a *"dual-shot"* mode, which rapidly discharges both sides of the magazine. Only a select few models of the **Xei** have this feature, however, due to the complexity of its implementation.

As per usual, this weapon also has to be replenished with mana through the same method as the pistol, although due to its lower muzzle energy the mana supply tends to last much longer, and dry-firing isn't as damaging.

### Slot 4 - Sokana Fragment Carbine

*"A genuine Sokana piece, it is an honor to wield it."*

This is basically an over-under shotgun powered by magic, designed by famed gunsmith **Irai Sokana**, grandmother of one of **Kirin**'s maids. Each cartridge comes packed with several iron pellets and a charge of pyromantic salt. **Kirin** can carry up to 18 cartridges in total.

Primary fire shoots each barrel. Due to the employment of solidified pyromantic mana, a potent burst of flame will be released with each shot, making attacks at point blank deal A LOT of fire damage. Secondary fire allows you to overcharge the loaded shells, enhancing their strength even further at the cost of extreme recoil.

Unlike other firearms, the use of a physical propellant means that the weapon does not need to be replenished with mana for it to keep operating.

### Slot 5 - Unissix Crafts Warp Ballista

*"Such a mighty weapon... Thank you, Misa."*

A gift from **Kirin**'s very distant cousin. This beast is effectively an FTL rocket launcher. Due to some specifics of deployment, the weapon had to be delivered in a disassembled state, but the three main parts ended up scattered. **Saya** cites that **Cyrus** may have done it on purpose so the weapon can be *"unlocked in stages"*, which she additionally commented on as being *"some videogamey bullshit"*. Nevertheless, **Kirin** considers that to make the prospect of using it more exciting, as he has a great admiration for **Misa**'s handiwork.

Primary fire will deploy the payload, piercing through any small targets in its path in the mere blink of an eye, before colliding with something hard enough to trigger its explosive charge. Secondary fire arms the explosive early, causing the projectile to burst upon hitting its first target.

Ammunition for this weapon can be found sometimes scattered throughout the world, but it's fairly rare compared to that of the other three. Part of the challenge, perhaps. **Kirin** can only carry six rounds for this, due to their size. The weapon itself can hold one in the chamber, adding up to a total of seven shots.

## Spellcasting

Of course, **Kirin** knows a wide range of spells that he can make use of at his leisure, should he possess the mana to spare. All of these require only the primary and secondary fire buttons to be used, so their operation is much easier.

### Slot 6 - Flame of the Heart

*"From the warmth of my heart... For you, my beloved."*

The spell that **Kirin** had learned to impress **Saya** and the girls back when they were first dating. It's proven to be very effective at healing, as well as having a relaxing warmth to it.

Primary fire can be held to cast it within your hands, while secondary fire will instead consume a sizable amount of mana to cast it in the air, as a temporary area of effect heal, allowing you to heal up while having your hands free for handling weapons, or other spells.

### Slot 7 - Ember Flash

*"Do not fear the flames..."*

A fundamental pyromantic spell, and one that **Kirin** apparently uses very often. Release a burst of flame from your hands, with a lot of kinetic force behind it *(so it can push enemies back)*.

Primary fire shoots out from the left hand, while secondary fire shoots from the right hand.

### Slot 8 - Cryotic Blast

*"Make of the cold your ally..."*

The cryomantic equivalent of the previous spell, also very commonly used. Releases a burst of gelid air from your hands. Both of these spells get a lot of use in pretty mundane tasks, so practically everyone knows how to use them.

Both fire buttons do what you'd expect.

### Slot 9 - Great Discharge

*"Even the might of the storm can be tamed..."*

A burst of lightning from your own hands. Can easily stagger enemies while dealing damage over a short period of time. It's proven to be very lethal for anything that's making contact with water (including yourself, so be careful).

Primary fire shoots a straight blast from your hand, while secondary fire charges up a ball lightning that will discharge at its point of impact.

### Slot 0 - Boundary Break

*"The key to the power of the Yanikov bloodline..."*

A staple of the **Yanikov** family that not many can fully master. Tears open a gap through space-time connecting to a distant spot, allowing you to transport there almost instantly. **Kirin** generally doesn't use it outside of emergencies, as he considers it *"slothful"* to avoid walking by simply tearing through space.

Secondary fire can be held to set up the destination spot. Tapping primary fire will then send you there in an instant. Do note that if you simply tap primary fire by itself, you won't be able to guess exactly where you may land, but it can still be useful to do quick dashes to flee the enemy.

## Items

Obviously to aid you in this lone journey, you're going to need some extra help. Various items have been scattered around, as per usual. While you don't really need to care about storage space, **Kirin** would rather not hoard too much, so there are some limits to the items you can carry. Also he will never waste anything, so excess amounts that can't be picked up will be left behind for later. This is especially important for ammunition, of course.

### Candy Bean *[Crystal Vial]*

*"Hehehe... I love these."*

Each of these regains a bit of health and mana when eaten. Part of his grandmother's seemingly endless supply of sweets. If **Kirin** isn't feeling hungry, he'll save them up for later, eating them one by one by himself when needed. These candies are stored in his pockets, for quicker access.

### Refreshing Beverage *[Quartz Flask]*

*"It is very important to stay hydrated when exercising."*

A popular, sugar-rich drink used mainly by **Anarukon** athletes. Regains some health on use, and has a very appealing taste to boot.

### Akashna Extract *[Mystic Urn]*

*"A scent so familiar... A taste so delicious..."*

A refreshing bottle of sweet tea with a pungent odor, made from iron-rich **Akashna** blood. Greatly boosts regeneration upon consumption, though its full effects fade after a while. Alerts enemies when opened.

### Mana Stimulant *[Mystic Ambit Incant]*

*"Nnnnnn... It tastes like medicine..."*

A potion that boosts mana absorption for some time, allowing you to replenish your reserves quicker. Has a distinct *"rooty"* taste.

### Ring of Protection *[Amulet of Warding, Falcon Shield, Mesh Armor, Platinum Helm]*

*"Sayacchi says they're everything you could ever want... I don't get it."*

You can carry up to eight of these at the same time, stacking into almost complete invulnerability. They will shatter after absorbing too much damage, however. Strangely, you don't need to put these in your fingers for them to have any effect. They'll work as long as you keep them close to your body, so **Kirin** just puts them in his chest pocket.

### Ring Set *[Dragonskin Bracers]*

*"A valuable collection."*

Four rings of protection in one package.

### Red Oni Milk *[Icon of the Defender]*

*"I-Ibuki's..."*

A flask of **Ibuki**'s own fresh milk. So nutritious it can boost one's defenses to unheard of levels, for a limited time.

### 8mm Short *[Flechette]*

*"Made for murder... To rend flesh and bone..."*

Found in pairs of 2 rounds. **Kirin** will skillfully load them into his reserve mags as he picks them up, and leave any excess behind.

### 5mm Xei *[Blue Mana]*

*"Made for submission... To shed the blood..."*

Found in bunches of 5 rounds. Likewise, these will be jammed into reserve mags as they're collected, and excess rounds will be left behind.

### 10mm Frag *[Green Mana]*

*"To weaponize pyromancy in this fashion... Such is warfare."*

Found as single rounds.

### Assorted Ammo *[Combined Mana]*

*"I shall only take what I need."*

4 pistol rounds, 10 SMG rounds and 2 shells.

### Ammo Pack *[Krater of Might]*

*"A bountiful resource..."*

12 pistol rounds, 30 SMG rounds and 6 shells in one package, plus a ballista round!

### Small Bomb *[Disc of Repulsion]*

*"Purupurupikopuyo...?"*

A gift from **Saya**. Small, but packed with plenty of **Explodium**. They appear to be home-made, and have some odd Japanese word handwritten on them. Used through a dedicated grenade button.

### Safety Tether *[Chaos Device]*

*"This... I'm sure I've seen something like this before in Misa's workshop..."*

Yet another gift from **Saya**. She wants to ensure that you don't need to perform a scattering should you ever get caught in an inescapable trap. This device will immediately transport you back to the entrypoint of the current area on use.

### Accelerator Amulet *[Boots of Speed]*

*"I can never get used to this... It's like my legs are no longer mine."*

Hastens your stride for a limited time. Appears to also affect the speed of your melee kicks, too.

### Devastation Sigil *[Dark Servant, Banishment Device]*

*"A gift from the gods to them, and now a gift to me... Thank you, Demo."*

A gift from **Demo-chan**. Greatly empowers all damage you deal, though this comes at the price of potentially putting yourself in greater danger with your own weapons.

### Enthrallment Solution *[Porkalator]*

*"These mindless beasts are so easy to control..."*

Creatures sprinkled with this will abide by your command, turning against your own foes. Does not appear to work on very strong-willed enemies *(that is, bosses)*.

### Pocket Light *[Torch]*

*"I should try not to shine this on myself, it's very intense."*

A little flashlight that attaches to your chest pocket. Provides fairly strong illumination, which explains why its battery drains so quickly.

### Aerial Amulet *[Wings of Wrath]*

*"I am no stranger to the power of flight, and its many dangers..."*

Allows you to fly about. Its effects can be toggled at will *(do watch out for heights when you do so)*. Due to its fragility, it will shatter should you travel too far of a distance through portals.

## Ammo Management

*"I have a system, and I follow it."*

When one resources to partial reloads too often, you end up with a bit of a mess mag-wise. Therefore, through a dedicated button, you can have **Kirin** take a little breather from all the shooting to *"consolidate"* all his ammo. Upon switching to the ammo manager, you can tap altfire to switch between available ammo types, and then press fire to start redistributing your rounds. The process can be interrupted by tapping altfire or switching weapons.

The process is somewhat involved, as our very meticulous emperor has a peculiar system to do this as efficiently as possible:

 1. Put away all mags that are either full or empty.
 2. Of the mags that remain, if there's at least two...
 3. Pick the mag that's closest to being full.
 4. Pick the mag that's closest to being empty.
 5. Remove as many rounds as needed from the second mag.
 6. If the second mag is empty, put it away.
 7. Insert all the removed rounds in the first mag.
 8. If the first mag is filled, put it away.
 9. If the first mag is not full and we still have other mags left, pick again the one that's closest to being empty and go back to step 5.
 10. If the second mag is not empty and we still have other mags left, pick again the one that's closest to being full and go back to step 5.

Once **Kirin** is finished with one ammo type, he'll switch to the other one, if needed. Then, if both are done, he'll switch back to his previous weapon. The process will be interrupted automatically if **Kirin** takes damage and any rounds he had on hand will be dropped, so make sure you're in a safe spot when doing this.

## Technology

*"Uhm... Of course I have one, why wouldn't I?"*

**Kirin** has a phone, and it is the most powerful tool at his disposal for gathering and processing information about the environment. A journal is available that will be automatically filled in with notes about locked doors, spots where a puzzle item must be used, and other remarks of interest. It's also possible to track the positions of uncollected items and look them up later if needed. And, of course, you also have access to neat lil' stats on your performance, progress through the campaign, and whatnot, just like back in the **Demolitionist** mod. You can also use it to light the way, though it won't be as potent as the Pocket Light.

Don't worry about it running out of battery, though, it's got plenty of juice for several days *(And honestly, if you somehow take that long playing the game that it does run out... You've got a bigger problem there, but hey, at least you can recharge it)*.

BTW if you're curious, that phone background is his favorite anime character.

---

## Compatibility

I'm afraid this mod will be **Hexen**-only, for story reasons. It should be compatible with a wide variety of custom mapsets, too, as long as they don't introduce new weapons (which will kinda throw off things).

---

*"Never shall these foul beasts plague this land forevermore..."*

Commit message:

Partial progress on allowing Doom/Heretic compat.

README.md, after:

![](docimg/KirinLogo.png)

---

## Really now?

Very much yes. Here's another one but for our precious emperor boy. Fun will be had.

## How did we get to this point?

**Saya** knows full well that **Kirin** has *"real experience"* in the art of war, having participated in various campaigns in his homeworld of **Arkai**, but all those were tales that she didn't get to personally witness...

Therefore, an idea came forth: Have him do some field work in the land of **Cronos**, so **Demo-chan** can have a bit of a break from all the fighting they've been doing for countless years.

And so goes our emperor, with nothing in hand but his wits, his magic and... **A GUN**. May his adventures serve to make his beloved spouses proud, and for this ravaged world to see peace once more.

---

## Abilities

As a member of the **Anarukon** race, **Kirin** is completely immortal, and bears strong regenerative power. He will recover health gradually, faster the less damage he's sustained. In addition, he also has a very strong bond with magic, allowing him to cast a variety of spells with ease, and with quite a deep mana pool, as expected of someone so well trained in sorcery.

Apart from these abilities, he's also somewhat skilled at hand to hand combat, as a requirement for self-defense against assassins. He also knows full well how to employ various firearms. Nevertheless, magic is where he shines, so these are mostly complementary.

Although **Kirin** has no access to **Hammerspace**, he nevertheless is capable of *"carrying"* a lot of equipment in the *"void"* that he has access to through the unique powers of his **Yanikov** blood. Most items will be put away and brought back from there as needed. He's quite skilled as this, so he doesn't even really need to carry anything on him to the field, he can just warp things in and out as needed. **Saya** was honestly impressed by his technique, and also kind of jealous, but still, he couldn't stop fawning over how awesome he looks practically *"invoking"* weapons out of thin air just like that. Oh, and it should also be mentioned that his emperor suit was constructed with armored lining, although it's not enough protection to survive in a serious combat situation.

Should he fall in battle, his body shall scatter in the wind and be reformed in a safer place, together with all his belongings. Such is the blessing of the **Father of Eternity**.

---

## Weaponry

There are four weapons available throughout your journey, one of which you already start with. As this is a mod for **Hexen**, that's very much the "ideal" layout. The only bindings you ever need are both fire buttons, reload and zoom.

### Slot 1 - Unarmed

*"I shall not back down from a fight..."*

Fight your enemies with your own body. This shouldn't be very effective considering **Kirin**'s physical form, but it's helpful in a pinch.

Primary fire alternates between two quick jabs and a hook. This has some decent staggering potential, and can quickly push back small foes. Secondary fire opts for a swift side-sweeping kick. This is where **Kirin**'s lower body strength shines, pushing real hard against rows of enemies.

The reload and zoom functions allow you to block and parry respectively. Blocking is mostly effective, thanks to the armored lining of your suit, especially around the cuffs. Parrying, if timed well, will leave an enemy stunned for a short period of time, upon which any damage to them is amplified. It is not possible to parry projectiles, you are not **Demo-chan**, nor know exactly how they can even do such a thing.

### Slot 2 - Nelaka Rykha Semi-Auto

*"A fine gun... And one that'll be most helpful."*

One of the most common **Anarukon** handguns. Firing short 8mm steel bolts at very high speed, it does have some serious killing potential, despite being a weapon designed for civilian self-defense. Putting a couple of these in an enemy will make it topple down in no time. Each magazine holds 8 rounds. **Kirin** can carry up to 40 rounds in total.

Primary fire will of course shoot the gun, while secondary lets **Kirin** make use of a certain trick that he learned from his grandmother: Overcharging the internal mana supply of the weapon so its shots are strengthened for a limited time.

Like any **Anarukon** firearm, the weapon not only needs to be reloaded with more bullets, but also have its inner mana supply replenished in order for it to actually fire off rounds. This recharge process is done through the zoom key. In addition, even if there are no rounds chambered, the weapon can still deal some damage by being *"dry fired"* as the ignition impulse will still trigger while it has mana left.

### Slot 3 - Nelaka Xei PDW

*"Not the most potent firearm, but still... I'll take it."*

Another usual **Anarukon** sidearm, often seen in the hands of mercenaries. At 5mm, it definitely doesn't have as much stopping power as the **Rykha**, but it can deliver the pain much faster and with lower recoil. Each magazine holds a whopping 20 rounds. **Kirin** can carry up to 80 rounds in total.

Primary fire shoots alternating between each barrel at a steady rate, while secondary fire engages a *"dual-shot"* mode, which rapidly discharges both sides of the magazine. Only a select few models of the **Xei** have this feature, however, due to the complexity of its implementation.

As per usual, this weapon also has to be replenished with mana through the same method as the pistol, although due to its lower muzzle energy the mana supply tends to last much longer, and dry-firing isn't as damaging.

### Slot 4 - Sokana Fragment Carbine

*"A genuine Sokana piece, it is an honor to wield it."*

This is basically an over-under shotgun powered by magic, designed by famed gunsmith **Irai Sokana**, grandmother of one of **Kirin**'s maids. Each cartridge comes packed with several iron pellets and a charge of pyromantic salt. **Kirin** can carry up to 18 cartridges in total.

Primary fire shoots each barrel. Due to the employment of solidified pyromantic mana, a potent burst of flame will be released with each shot, making attacks at point blank deal A LOT of fire damage. Secondary fire allows you to overcharge the loaded shells, enhancing their strength even further at the cost of extreme recoil.

Unlike other firearms, the use of a physical propellant means that the weapon does not need to be replenished with mana for it to keep operating.

### Slot 5 - Unissix Crafts Warp Ballista

*"Such a mighty weapon... Thank you, Misa."*

A gift from **Kirin**'s very distant cousin. This beast is effectively an FTL rocket launcher. Due to some specifics of deployment, the weapon had to be delivered in a disassembled state, but the three main parts ended up scattered. **Saya** cites that **Cyrus** may have done it on purpose so the weapon can be *"unlocked in stages"*, which she additionally commented on as being *"some videogamey bullshit"*. Nevertheless, **Kirin** considers that to make the prospect of using it more exciting, as he has a great admiration for **Misa**'s handiwork.

Primary fire will deploy the payload, piercing through any small targets in its path in the mere blink of an eye, before colliding with something hard enough to trigger its explosive charge. Secondary fire arms the explosive early, causing the projectile to burst upon hitting its first target.

Ammunition for this weapon can be found sometimes scattered throughout the world, but it's fairly rare compared to that of the other three. Part of the challenge, perhaps. **Kirin** can only carry six rounds for this, due to their size. The weapon itself can hold one in the chamber, adding up to a total of seven shots.

### Slot 5 - Garrett M84 "Patriarch" Anti-Materiel Rifle

*"I promise I shall make good use of it, aunt Axaleyu."*

Replacing the **Warp Ballista** when playing **Doom** *(strictly for lore reasons)*, this is one mighty .50 OMG rifle, tweaked personally by **Ashley Knox** for left-handed use.

Primary fire of course will shoot, with some rather impressive piercing potential, even through walls. Most small targets are guaranteed to explode into chunky bits from this. Do also note that .50 OMG kicks like an enraged mule on steroids, so you'll feel the kickback, oh you sure will. Secondary fire allows you to aim through the scope, for long-distance shooting.

Ammunition for the weapon is generally scarce. You can carry 2 spare mags, each holding 12 rounds.

## Spellcasting

Of course, **Kirin** knows a wide range of spells that he can make use of at his leisure, should he possess the mana to spare. All of these require only one cast button so their operation is much easier.

### Slot 6 - Flame of the Heart

*"From the warmth of my heart... For you, my beloved."*

The spell that **Kirin** had learned to impress **Saya** and the girls back when they were first dating. It's proven to be very effective at healing, as well as having a relaxing warmth to it.

Upon casting, a heart of flame will be summoned in mid-air, which will act as a temporary area of effect heal, allowing you to recover hp while having your hands free for handling weapons, or other spells.

### Slot 7 - Ember Flash

*"Do not fear the flames..."*

A fundamental pyromantic spell, and one that **Kirin** apparently uses very often. Release a burst of flame from your hands, with a lot of kinetic force behind it *(so it can push enemies back)*.

### Slot 8 - Cryotic Blast

*"Make of the cold your ally..."*

The cryomantic equivalent of the previous spell, also very commonly used. Releases a burst of gelid air from your hands. Both of these spells get a lot of use in pretty mundane tasks, so practically everyone knows how to use them.

### Slot 9 - Great Discharge

*"Even the might of the storm can be tamed..."*

A burst of lightning from your own hands. Can easily stagger enemies while dealing damage over a short period of time. It's proven to be very lethal for anything that's making contact with water (including yourself, so be careful).

### Slot 0 - Boundary Break

*"The key to the power of the Yanikov bloodline..."*

A staple of the **Yanikov** family that not many can fully master. Tears open a gap through space-time connecting to a distant spot, allowing you to transport there almost instantly. **Kirin** generally doesn't use it outside of emergencies, as he considers it *"slothful"* to avoid walking by simply tearing through space.

Holding the cast button allows you to *"preview"* the warp destination, and releasing it sends you there in an instant. Do note that if you simply do a quick tap, you won't be able to guess exactly where you may land, but it can still be useful to do quick dashes to flee the enemy.

## Items

Obviously to aid you in this lone journey, you're going to need some extra help. Various items have been scattered around, as per usual. While you don't really need to care about storage space, **Kirin** would rather not hoard too much, so there are some limits to the items you can carry. Also he will never waste anything, so excess amounts that can't be picked up will be left behind for later. This is especially important for ammunition, of course.

### Candy Bean *[Crystal Vial]*

*"Hehehe... I love these."*

Each of these regains a bit of health and mana when eaten. Part of his grandmother's seemingly endless supply of sweets. If **Kirin** isn't feeling hungry, he'll save them up for later, eating them one by one by himself when needed. These candies are stored in his pockets, for quicker access.

### Refreshing Beverage *[Quartz Flask]*

*"It is very important to stay hydrated when exercising."*

A popular, sugar-rich drink used mainly by **Anarukon** athletes. Regains some health on use, and has a very appealing taste to boot.

### Akashna Extract *[Mystic Urn]*

*"A scent so familiar... A taste so delicious..."*

A refreshing bottle of sweet tea with a pungent odor, made from iron-rich **Akashna** blood. Overheals you and greatly boosts regeneration upon consumption, though its full effects fade after a while. Alerts enemies when opened.

### Mana Stimulant *[Mystic Ambit Incant]*

*"Nnnnnn... It tastes like medicine..."*

A potion that boosts mana absorption for some time, allowing you to replenish your reserves quicker. Has a distinct *"rooty"* taste.

### Ring of Protection *[Amulet of Warding, Falcon Shield, Mesh Armor, Platinum Helm]*

*"Sayacchi says they're everything you could ever want... I don't get it."*

You can carry up to eight of these at the same time, stacking into almost complete invulnerability. They will shatter after absorbing too much damage, however. Strangely, you don't need to put these in your fingers for them to have any effect. They'll work as long as you keep them close to your body, so **Kirin** just puts them in his chest pocket.

### Ring Set *[Dragonskin Bracers]*

*"A valuable collection."*

Four rings of protection in one package.

### Red Oni Milk *[Icon of the Defender]*

*"I-Ibuki's..."*

A flask of **Ibuki**'s own fresh milk. So nutritious it can boost one's defenses to unheard of levels, for a limited time.

### 8mm Short *[Flechette]*

*"Made for murder... To rend flesh and bone..."*

Found in pairs of 2 rounds. **Kirin** will skillfully load them into his reserve mags as he picks them up, and leave any excess behind. Pickup amounts for non-Hexen IWADs may vary.

### 5mm Xei *[Blue Mana]*

*"Made for submission... To shed the blood..."*

Found in bunches of 5 rounds. Likewise, these will be jammed into reserve mags as they're collected, and excess rounds will be left behind. Pickup amounts for non-Hexen IWADs may vary.

### 20mm Frag *[Green Mana]*

*"To weaponize pyromancy in this fashion... Such is warfare."*

Found as single rounds. Pickup amounts for non-Hexen IWADs may vary.

### .50 OMG *[Cells]*

*"Such awe over its strength was enough to earn its name..."*

Found as single rounds or pairs/trios *(when replacing Cell Packs)*.

### Assorted Ammo *[Combined Mana]*

*"I shall only take what I need."*

4 pistol rounds, 10 SMG rounds and 2 shells.

### Ammo Pack *[Krater of Might]*

*"A bountiful resource..."*

12 pistol rounds, 30 SMG rounds and 6 shells in one package, plus a ballista round!

### Small Bomb *[Disc of Repulsion]*

*"Purupurupikopuyo...?"*

A gift from **Saya**. Small, but packed with plenty of **Explodium**. They appear to be home-made, and have some odd Japanese word handwritten on them. Used through a dedicated grenade button.

### Safety Tether *[Chaos Device]*

*"This... I'm sure I've seen something like this before in Misa's workshop..."*

Yet another gift from **Saya**. She wants to ensure that you don't need to perform a scattering should you ever get caught in an inescapable trap. This device will immediately transport you back to the entrypoint of the current area on use.

### Accelerator Amulet *[Boots of Speed]*

*"I can never get used to this... It's like my legs are no longer mine."*

Hastens your stride for a limited time. Appears to also affect the speed of your melee kicks, too.

### Devastation Sigil *[Dark Servant, Banishment Device]*

*"A gift from the gods to them, and now a gift to me... Thank you, Demo."*

A gift from **Demo-chan**. Greatly empowers all damage you deal, though this comes at the price of potentially putting yourself in greater danger with your own weapons.

### Enthrallment Solution *[Porkalator]*

*"These mindless beasts are so easy to control..."*

Creatures sprinkled with this will abide by your command, turning against your own foes. Does not appear to work on very strong-willed enemies *(that is, bosses)*.

### Pocket Light *[Torch]*

*"I should try not to shine this on myself, it's very intense."*

A little flashlight that attaches to your chest pocket. Provides fairly strong illumination, which explains why its battery drains so quickly.

### Aerial Amulet *[Wings of Wrath]*

*"I am no stranger to the power of flight, and its many dangers..."*

Allows you to fly about. Its effects can be toggled at will *(do watch out for heights when you do so)*. Due to its fragility, it will shatter should you travel too far of a distance through portals.

## Ammo Management

*"I have a system, and I follow it."*

When one resources to partial reloads too often, you end up with a bit of a mess mag-wise. Therefore, through a dedicated button, you can have **Kirin** take a little breather from all the shooting to *"consolidate"* all his ammo. Upon switching to the ammo manager, you can tap altfire to switch between available ammo types, and then press fire to start redistributing your rounds. The process can be interrupted by tapping altfire or switching weapons.

The process is somewhat involved, as our very meticulous emperor has a peculiar system to do this as efficiently as possible:

 1. Put away all mags that are either full or empty.
 2. Of the mags that remain, if there's at least two...
 3. Pick the mag that's closest to being full.
 4. Pick the mag that's closest to being empty.
 5. Remove as many rounds as needed from the second mag.
 6. If the second mag is empty, put it away.
 7. Insert all the removed rounds in the first mag.
 8. If the first mag is filled, put it away.
 9. If the first mag is not full and we still have other mags left, pick again the one that's closest to being empty and go back to step 5.
 10. If the second mag is not empty and we still have other mags left, pick again the one that's closest to being full and go back to step 5.

Once **Kirin** is finished with one ammo type, he'll switch to the other one, if needed. Then, if both are done, he'll switch back to his previous weapon. The process will be interrupted automatically if **Kirin** takes damage and any rounds he had on hand will be dropped, so make sure you're in a safe spot when doing this.

## Technology

*"Uhm... Of course I have one, why wouldn't I?"*

**Kirin** has a phone, and it is the most powerful tool at his disposal for gathering and processing information about the environment. A journal is available that will be automatically filled in with notes about locked doors, spots where a puzzle item must be used, and other remarks of interest. It's also possible to track the positions of uncollected items and look them up later if needed. And, of course, you also have access to neat lil' stats on your performance, progress through the campaign, and whatnot, just like back in the **Demolitionist** mod. You can also use it to light the way, though it won't be as potent as the Pocket Light.

Don't worry about it running out of battery, though, it's got plenty of juice for several days *(And honestly, if you somehow take that long playing the game that it does run out... You've got a bigger problem there, but hey, at least you can recharge it)*.

BTW if you're curious, that phone background is his favorite anime character.

---

## Compatibility

~~I'm afraid this mod will be **Hexen**-only, for story reasons.~~ It should be compatible with a wide variety of custom mapsets, too, as long as they don't introduce new weapons (which will kinda throw off things).

On second thought, maybe **Doom**/**Heretic** compatibility can be added. Some people just don't like playing **Hexen**, and that is perfectly understandable. At first I thought this would be *"anachronistic"* lore-wise, but nobody said **Kirin** couldn't have taken part in fighting against the Demon Invasion of 2148. Maybe his aunt asked him to come help, perhaps?

Nevertheless, **Hexen** compat will be the first priority, and everything else will come after.

---

*"Never shall these foul beasts plague this land forevermore..."*
